This is a family textbook issued by the kindergarten.
Parents, please take it.
It was you
I work here.
What happened last time was that we had some misunderstandings.
I hope Miss Ning doesn't take it to heart. It's alright.
Is Xiaoyi your child?
He's very smart.
Thank you.
Take the liberty to ask
What is your relationship with Mr. Bo?
Friend, then I can rest assured.
Why do you ask that?
It's rare not to admit that you like him
So what?
Do I like doctor's eyes?
Do you still want to improve your consent?
Hey
Why are you sighing?
I sigh because I don't think you're a good fit
Don't waste time on him
I'm not right for him
Are you a good fit for him?
You don't even look in the mirror.
See what you look like
This face makes people turn off their appetite